# ResultPDFPython
Result generation in PDF format using python
The following program is to generate PDF files for all students of a certain class. The PDF files has been generated by Python and the data for the results has been kept in a EXCEL file. There are eight subjects, namely 1. Varnacular 2. English 3. Math 4. Physical Science 5. Life Sciene 6. History 7. Geography and 8. Computer. For a given academic year each student has to give three written exams ( First Summative - 50 marks, Second Summative - 50 marks, Third Summative - 90 marks ) and one project ( 10 marks) for each of the subjects. The marks for the whole academic session will be stored in a Excel file ( see the excel file). One has to fetch the marks and print the result individually for each students ( along with their name and roll number). The excel file contains all the data in a pre-defined manner. After the extraction the year total for each subject has to be calculated ( out of 200 ) then the average ( out of 100 ) has also to be displayed. After that the grades has to be calculated based on the following scheme.
  > greater than equal to 90 ----- A+
  > greater than equal to 80 and less than 90 ----- A 
  > greater than equal to 70 and less than 80 ----- B+
  > greater than equal to 60 and less than 70 ----- B
  > greater than equal to 50 and less than 60 ----- C+
  > greater than equal to 25 and less than 50 ----- C
  > less than 25 ------ D

If a student has 3 or more D's out of eight subjects, he/she will be detained otherwise he/she will be promoted.
